And now, America's Christmas to you, and here, the Aldrich family on NBC.
[MUSIC]
Henry, Henry Aldrich!
Comic mother!
[APPLAUSE]
Yes, it's the Aldrich family, Francois, written by Clifford Goldsmith.
[Music]
The holiday season is always the wide-eyed time of the year for a typical teenage boy.
But no matter how wide open his eyes are, he's almost certain the walkwright's smack in the summer's sorted troubles,
especially if he's like Henry Aldrich. The scene opens at the Aldrich breakfast table
the time is morning. 10, 11, 10.
Will you pass the cream please? The creamery here yard 12, 13.
Henry that's the sugar you're passing. Oh excuse me here. 12, 13, 14.
Henry now I have that piece of toast if you aren't going to eat it.
I'm going to eat it mother. It was up 13 or 14? 12.
Now Sam don't rattle him. It was 14 dear. 14? Are you sure?
Yes, Henry.
Fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen.
Well, Gee whiz.
What's the matter?
You know how many Christmas cards I received this time last year?
How many?
According to my records, thirty-five.
That shows how times change.
You, Henry, this is under the day before Christmas.
There's one more delivery.
Well, I know, mother, but all my old standbys are hurt from.
I can't depend on any new ones coming in.
Henry, are you sure you have the right attitude, Dort Christmas?
The right attitude, Father?
Well, I've got to know where I stand, don't I?
I just look back to practically 1949.
All right, dear. All right.
Eat your cereal.
I'm eating it, Mother.
Sam, did we spend the Whitmore's a card?
The Whitmore's?
Sure, the Whitmore's.
Don't you remember?
We met them on the train coming back from Chicago.
You mean that trip we took way back in 1946?
Yeah.
And they're still sending us cards?
Every Christmas.
And actually, we ought to send them one.
Henry, are you going to Nancy Adams's party tonight?
What's that, Mary?
The party tonight.
Are you going?
Well, I'll tell you, Mary.
Henry Nancy isn't giving a party on Christmas Eve, is she?
Well, in a way, she's giving it on Christmas Eve.
What do you mean, in a way, she is?
Father, I hope you don't think I'm going to walk out of my whole family tonight. You don't have to worry about that.
You mean you're not going, Henry?
Mary, do you have to pin your own brother down like that?
I'm just going for a little while.
By Henry, we always spend Christmas Eve together as a family, and then go to church together.
Mother, I thought that after we got the tree trimmed, well, naturally, we'd want to sit around and rest for a second.
I thought that while we're resting I just raced over and sailed over the gang and then come around and meet you at the church.
Oh, you had it all figured out then?
Well, I didn't have it figured out exactly. I just thought I'd be prepared if the subject came up.
Well dear, I'm sorry to have to tell you, but you're not going to any party tonight.
Not even for 12 minutes?
Not even for two minutes.
My goodness, Henry, don't you realize tonight is Christmas Eve?
Alice, who are Ed and Bill?
Ed and Bill? Ed and Bill, who dear?
I don't know. This card's just signed Ed and Bill.
Well isn't that strange?
Mother is the subject of the party dropped for good?
Yes dear. Sam, look at this.
At one.
I have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven cards here from people we haven't sent cards to.
And here it is the day before Christmas.
Merry Christmas everybody!
She was Homer.
Where'd you come from?
From Homer Mrs. Olmett.
Good morning Homer.
Hello Homer.
Then you'll get a very private piece of news for you.
You have?
She was. Is that coffee cake?
Coffee cake? Yes, dear.
Wouldn't you like to go out in the kitchen and get a plate and have a pee?
No, thank you. I've got my gloves on. I'll just take a piece right here.
Oh, look out in your coat, LaPalle.
Missle, Tomary.
Al, Mr. Rollage, you expecting any telegrams today?
Telegrams?
Because, if you are, I'll keep my eyes open for them for you.
Why, are you working down at the telegrapher office?
Well, not yet exactly, Mrs. Ollridge, but I've been talking to them about it.
And things may open up at the last minute.
Will you excuse me, please, everybody? Come on, Homer.
Henry, you didn't hold your napkin.
I didn't even unfold it.
Alice, we didn't meet anybody by the name of Ed and Bill
at the United City that summer did we.
Homer, why do you got to tell me?
She got wonderful news for you, I think.
What about Ellen, I was going to give you a Christmas present.
Who me?
For sure.
I just met her on the street, and she wanted me to ask you
to meet her in front of the Santa Bo gift shop
just as soon as you can get there.
Well, gee, what makes you think she's
going to give me something?
That's why she wants you to meet us.
You can help her pick out a wallet.
A wallet?
I'm not kidding, honey.
I swear, that's what she told me.
Oh, did Eleanor come right out and say she was gonna give it to me?
Well, of course she didn't.
I said to her, I said, "You mean you're getting it for Henry?"
And she got all red and embarrassed and said, "Well, of course not.
I'm getting it from my father."
But I could tell she was covering up.
Oh boy, oh boy.
And under me to doubt the gift shop she said?
Well, sure. Just as soon as you can get there.
Hello, is this Toby Smith?
Yes.
Well this is Eleanor Winford. Toby could you meet me down at the gift shop in the next 15 minutes?
At the center real gift shop?
Yes I'm there now. I want you to help me pick out a wallet.
A wallet? You mean a man's wallet?
Yes of course only I don't know anything about that sort of thing.
You mean you're getting... you're getting...
It's for my father.
For your father, for your father, that's a hot one.
Toby Ray, it is and I'd love to see what kind you'd pick out.
Well sure Eleanor. Oh boy I'll be down there in 10 minutes.
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Hello Alice, this is Sam.
Yes dear, where are you?
Down at the office.
Do you remember the Mulligan's?
The Mulligan?
They live over in Abbott City.
What's his first name?
Well I believe it's Joe.
Joe?
Yes I'm sure it's Joe.
And the Mulligan's didn't send that card from Ed and Bill.
Goodbye.
[laughter]
- Hey, baby, since Christmas card I just got.
- Let me see it.
- Isn't that embarrassing?
I bet it costs 75 cents.
- Who's it from there?
- From Homer.
Isn't that embarrassing?
- Oh, now I think it was a very nice thing for him to do.
- But, Mother, do I have to send one back to him?
- Well, of course, Mary.
Now, please don't bother me, dear.
I've got to wrap up that fruitcake.
I've been meaning to send Mrs. Hawkins all week.
- To Mrs. Hawkins?
- Yes, dear.
She has three boys in this service and she's all alone this Christmas.
- Mother!
Mother, where are you?
I'm out here in the kitchen, Henry, and I'm very busy.
I'm very sorry to interrupt you like this,
but could I have a talk with you
confidentially about something important?
Who's what's happened here?
Nothing. Only could you please step into the dining room a second.
Mary, I don't like to be rude, but this is about Christmas.
Oh, that's all right, Henry.
Only I hope you're not going to spend a whole lot on me.
On who? Now, Mary, don't start getting any ideas.
Henry, you'll have to hurry. I haven't more than a minute.
Yes, mother. Here's what happened.
Eleanor Wentworth has given me a $3.95 wallet.
Plus tax.
What's that?
How well it's made of leather and it even has a place for my student body.
For your what?
My student body car.
That's in case if I'm in an accident, people will know who I am.
Well, now just one minute dear.
Suppose you calm down and tell me very slowly what it is that happened.
But mother, there's no time to lose. I've got to have four dollars.
What for?
Don't you understand? I've got to give Eleanor a present just as good as the one she's giving me, haven't I?
Well, frankly, Henry, if Eleanor at her age wants to spend money on presents for boys, it's none of my business.
But I don't believe I have four dollars to give you to buy her anything mother what am I gonna do about Toby Smith
What's that well Toby Smith was down there to putting his in his two cents worth because he thinks the wall is for him
And that one are pointed out something she's crazy about and it costs four dollars
And if I don't beat him to it he'll get it first and then more I look like a fool Henry if you have four dollars of your own
That's something else, but I really don't think I should give it to you
Mother when you please look at what I just discovered. I'm certainly not going to send a card to Homer
- Why not, Mary? - Mother, I held a card he sent me under a very strong light
and look at what's been erased on it.
I hope you like your gun, love at best.
We'll see either. Homer was probably just cutting down expenses.
Mary, Mary, could you step into the living room while I have a confidential talk with you for a second?
- What about Christmas? - Oh, you want some advice?
Mary, do you remember what it was? I was going to do just a ten-rate day in.
No, Mother.
Well, Henry.
Do you know Toby Smith?
Yeah.
Do you like him?
Henry, I can't stand him.
Mary, I'm sure glad to hear you say that.
Could you lend me $4?
$4?
Well, look, Mary, if I don't give Eleanor more than a 25-cent hank of chip,
I'll never be able to walk on a public street again.
And I know just exactly what she wants.
What?
Well, she pointed it out in the gift shop.
She said it was about the nicest thing she'd ever seen.
What was it?
Mary, haven't you even been listening?
A Christmas tree that lights up.
A war?
So where in the lapel of your coat?
It's a pin, so you know it has a little battery in it.
Really?
Sure, and it's only four dollars.
And they've only got one left.
But Henry, you already owe me money.
Hey, Henry! She was home.
Where are you?
Boy, I think I'm going to get that job delivering telegrams this afternoon.
Well, that's fine. Listen, Mary.
Hello, Mary.
Hello, Homer.
Did you...
Have the males been coming through all right today?
Yeah.
Well, how do you feel?
I feel just fine.
Oh.
Homer, what is it you want?
Listen, did you know Toby Smith is taking Eleanor to the party tonight?
You're crazy. Who told you that?
Toby did. I met him just a little while ago in his way home.
He had to get some money to buy something.
Married, do you hear that?
Haven't you got any family pride?
What counter is it at, Henry? It's right over here, Homer. Oh, mister.
Uh, something I can know for you, young man?
Yes, sir. I came back to get the tree.
Uh, what's that?
The Christmas tree that lights up.
Oh yes, we do have a nice one here in the store this year, haven't we?
I guess he's hard of hearing, Henry.
No, the little Christmas tree.
The what?
Don't you remember the little Christmas tree that surprises you when it lights up?
Oh, you mean the pinch.
Sure, I finally got the $4 for it.
Well, I'm sorry, but that's just been sold.
What's that?
It's been sold?
Less than 10 minutes ago.
Well, that's a fine thing.
After I promised to make my sister's bed every morning for a month, there's compound intruders.
I'm sorry, sir.
Hey, look, Henry, how about getting Eleanor just a straight flashlight?
Boy, I saw one that's so powerful and adorable.
Oh no, what would she do with a flashlight?
Well, I know, Don, well, I'd like it.
Mr.
Are you positive that pin's been sold?
There's the clerk over there who made the sale.
She might even be able to tell you who bought it.
Oh, I know who bought it.
I just don't see how he got down here so fast.
And Eleanor said herself, it's the only pin she's ever seen.
She really liked.
Hey, Mr.
She was Toby.
What are you doing back here?
Mr.
How about that Christmas tree?
The lights have like a pin.
I mean, you know what I mean.
I beg your pardon?
The pen, the pen.
I'm sorry, young man, but that pen's been sold.
It's been sold?
Yeah?
Now listen, Henry.
She was Toby.
I mean, you didn't buy it?
Now listen, Henry, I'm supposed to get that braille in her.
Hand it over.
What over?
I haven't got it.
Toby, stop pushing Henry.
That's what I say.
Listen, Homer Brown, did you buy it?
Hey.
Now listen, Toby.
Now, wait a minute, boys.
Wait a minute.
Be careful of that piece on Earth saying--
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(horns honking)
- Hello?
- Hello Sam Horace speaking.
- Oh hello Sam, this is Alex.
- Yeah.
- Did you room with someone at Princeton by that name?
- By what name?
- Ed or Bill.
- He didn't have both names.
Anyhow, we called him Murph.
- Oh.
(audience laughing)
Well the reason I called here is to ask
what we ought to do about Homer.
- Oh but what's happened to him?
- Well he was here just a little while ago
After he left, I found a card on the living room table addressed to me.
Yes?
Well, he's apparently saving postage.
Don't you think I would have given something rather nice?
All right.
How about one of your fruitcakes?
Sam, that reminds me.
Don't let me forget to send Mrs. Faulkens that fruitcake.
That's a nice idea.
No one in town I'd rather remember.
She's got three sons in the service.
That's the way I feel.
And Alice is starting to snow pretty hard.
Tell Henry he'd better start shoveling.
Well, Henry isn't here right now.
Oh, when he comes in, tell him.
All right, dear, goodbye.
Goodbye.
Mother!
Yes, Henry?
I've got to ask you something.
Dear, your father wants you to keep the walks clear to the snow.
Oh, you're a mother, but listen.
Who could this be?
She's a lady.
See, she's a lady.
What's that?
Well, no, wait, Mother.
She's a lady about so high, see, and she wears a black coat with a black fur collar.
Who is she?
Henry, what are you talking about?
Who is she, Mother?
Who is she?
I've got to know.
Is this a game, Henry?
A game!
Mother, my whole Christmas is at stake.
She's my only clue.
Henry, I can't possibly know what you're talking about.
She was, you know, all the ladies in town.
Now, listen very carefully.
She comes up to here on me, see? She wears a black coat with fur cuffs.
I thought you said a fur color.
I did? Sure. And she's not very heavy. She weighs maybe... maybe...
Well, you know Mrs. Brown? Yeah.
Well, she isn't like that at all, but that'll give you an idea.
And she wears her eyeglasses on a chain.
Oh, my goodness. Henry, why do you have to know the answer?
She's got the tree. She's got the tree.
Who's tree? My tree that I'm giving Eleanor.
What's that? She got there ahead of Toby and me. Don't you see?
you see the clerk described it to me I got a finder and make her an offer she
wears her glasses on a chain and she's about so high and for on a coat well the
only person that reminds me of is Mrs. Kitinger Mrs. Kitinger she was what
didn't I think of her I'll go right over wait a minute Henry it's my job
possibly been with the Tarbell Mrs. Tarbell sure that sounds like Mrs. Tarbell
I'll go right over wait wait I just thought of someone else who wears a
glasses on a chain a woman yes of course Miss Perkins Miss Perkins all right I'll
find Miss Perkins Mrs. Tarbell and Mrs. Kitinger and don't forget that we'll
- No, I won't, Mother.
Just as soon as I take and carry this.
Bye.
Henry, I thought it was someone else.
Henry?
(upbeat music)
- Hello there, Henry Aldrich.
- Why don't you step inside?
- No thanks, Mrs. Kittenger.
Only gets no all over your rug.
- Oh my goodness, look at the snow.
- Well, what can I do for you, Henry?
- Well, first, do you have a coat with fur on it?
- Well, not to get away, Henry.
No, I was just wondering.
I thought you wore glasses.
Why, I do sometimes.
- Did your mother send you over? - Well, in a way, she did.
- Were you kind of at the gift shop this morning? - Yes, I was.
Well, did you make a purchase there?
Yes, of course.
As a matter of fact, it was very foolish of me to wait until the last minute.
There was hardly anything left. - I'll say.
Erm, Henry, just what was it you wanted?
Nothing, nothing.
She, your walk certainly needs shoveling, doesn't it?
Yes, I'm afraid it does.
Well, Mrs. Kittenger, if you have a shovel,
I'd be very glad to clean it off for you.
I know that's very thoughtful of you, Henry.
And I'd be glad to pay you.
Oh, no, no, I wouldn't take any money from you.
But when I get through, Mrs. Kittenger,
you're going to be around, aren't you?
Yes.
Because I want to have a little talk with you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
My Henry Eldridge.
How do you do, Mrs. Tarbell? Merry Christmas.
And Merry Christmas to you.
Well, I'm sure glad to see you're wearing your glasses on a chain.
What's that?
Boy, did I make a mistake over it, Mrs. Kidnier's.
She wears them, but they're not on a chain.
And that's where I got off on the wrong foot.
Henry, didn't I see you just as I was leaving the gift shop this morning?
Did you?
Yes, I'm sure I did.
Mrs. Tarbell, how would you like to have your walk clean?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[APPLAUSE]
We'll return to the Aldrich family in just a moment.
Later this evening, NBC will deliver a Christmas package
bursting with good cheer, a radio adaptation
of Charles Dickens' classic, "The Pickwick Papers."
Our stars will be Alan Webb, Melville Cooper,
and Cyril Richard.
The Pickwick Papers over the years
has become the favorite of young and old alike,
and it's in keeping with the holiday season.
Don't miss "The Pickwick Papers,"
as brought to you by "Theta Guild on the Air" later tonight.
Now tomorrow night NBC will bring you more you old time at attainment when the railroad
hour welcomes as guests of Prana, Dorothy Kirsten.
Miss Kirsten will join your singing host, Gordon McCray, in excerpts from the Nutcracker
Suite and Christmas songs of many countries.
Stay tuned to NBC tomorrow evening, the Monday night of music.
You'll hear the telephone hour, the voice of Firestone, an old-fashioned band concert
by Paul LaValle in the band of America, an NBC's newest show which features the talents
of Marguerite Piazza, Robert Merrill, and NBC's Man About Music, Meredith Wilson.
Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
So far this Christmas Henry's one purpose is to catch up with the lady who bought the
The only pin of its kind in town, a pin that cost $4 and it looks like a small Christmas tree,
which Eleanor said she'd just love to have if anyone wanted to give her anything.
The scene opens in the Aldrich living room.
Dad, are you all?
I am.
I thought I sent the words for Henry to clean off our walk.
Well, dear, I am, but he went out and he hasn't come back soon.
Ah, and look at me.
I had the words to have a drift up to my knees.
When you go right up and change your clothes.
What got into that boy?
You can take time to shovel other people's walks, but not ours.
Why do you say that?
Miss Perkins stopped me on the street on the way home
and told me how nice it was of Henry to come over and clean her walk.
Well, my goodness.
Oh, and here, see whether you can figure these Christmas cards out.
One is signed Ida and one is signed Van.
Ida.
I never heard of Ida.
Well, who's Van?
Well, that isn't the point here.
But why would any Ida be sending you a card at the office?
I'm going up and soak my feet.
Hello?
And this is Western Union, Paul.
It's Henry Aldrich there.
No, he isn't.
Do you have a telegram, Florin?
No, I just wanted to say hello.
Who is this?
It's Homer.
I got the job.
Goodbye.
Was this?
Mother!
I have that fruit cake ready for Mrs. Hawkins.
You have Mary?
Says!
Yes, Alice.
Have you started to soak yet?
What?
For my gracious.
Christmas is always like this.
Hello?
Is this Miss Aldrich?
Yes.
This is Miss Kidger.
I just wanted to call and tell you how nice it was
if you'd send Henry over.
What's that?
I think it was so sweet if you'd send Henry over to clean my wall.
Oh.
Oh, did he clean yours too?
Yes, he did a perfect job and he wouldn't take a cent.
All he wanted to do was come in and look at the presents I'm giving.
What's that?
Alright, Iris.
What is it you want?
Merry Christmas Mrs. Aldrich.
Well, thank you very much and Merry Christmas to you.
- Bye bye. - Goodbye.
Sam, what are you doing down here in your bare feet?
You asked me to come down. What do you want?
Oh, well, I was going to ask you to take that fruit cake over to Mrs. Hawkins,
but I guess it will have to wait.
But I'm down here now.
No, dear. You go right back up and soak.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hey.
Hey, Henry, isn't that you?
Sure, Homer.
What is it you want?
Well, come on with me while I deliver a couple of telegrams.
She was untired.
I'm going home.
Some of you few blocks out of your way.
Homer, look at me.
My feet are wet.
I haven't had any lunch.
Boy, what are you been doing?
I've been shoveling every walk in town.
Boy, did my mother double cross me.
Yeah, but look, Henry, my first stop is Mrs. Hawkins.
Just three doors down the street.
I'll even let you borrow one of my gloves.
Here, take the right one.
I carry my telegrams in the left one.
Thanks.
And one of the telegrams I've got is a war message.
A what?
Sure, it's from John Hawkins to his mother.
He's in an army camp down in Texas.
I thought John Hawkins was in Korea.
No, it's two brothers are in Korea.
And here's the house right here.
And that's a war message you have for her?
Well, sure.
John says he's very sorry,
but he wasn't able to get a frill or to come home.
And he's also sorry he and his brothers can't all be here tonight
to spend an old fairish Christmas with their mother.
Yeah?
And then he wishes her a merry Christmas.
Rumor, I thought you weren't supposed
to read confidential messages.
Well, she was Ivan Reggie the message, Henley.
Besides, everybody will know about it tomorrow.
Oh, how do you do, boys?
How do you do, Mrs. Hawkins?
A telegram.
For me?
Won't you step in while I see whether it needs an answer?
Well, OK.
Honey, I don't think you'll find it does, Mrs. Hawkins.
No.
Now let me see if I can get
my glasses untangled.
Change is always catching on something.
Can I help you untangle it?
No, no, thank you.
I have it.
Mrs. Hawkins.
I'll be there in just one minute.
She was home with that sounds like Toby Smith in the living room.
Mrs. Hawkins, this is it, all right?
I'll pay you $4 for it.
Toby, what are you doing there?
Hey, look, Homer, they're on a chain.
Why?
Her glasses.
Now listen, Toby, you can't have that pin.
Get away, Henry.
Now listen, Toby.
Henry, don't let him push you like that.
Boys, boys, look out that angel.
Now listen, Henry!
Where, darn ya?
Hey!
Boys, boys, what's the door?
[Laughing]
Oh, Jesus.
[Music]
Sam, would you mind putting another log on the fire, please?
That's just what I'm going to do.
My goodness, but it's an awful night out.
You ought to look out the window, mother.
I've never seen so much snow on Christmas Eve.
Mary, straighten that piece of holly
that's hanging right over your father.
All right.
Whole still father.
I can't lift the log and whole still too.
And do you look out for the fox?
All right.
Mary, when Henry came a while ago, exactly what did he say?
He just asked whether you and father were in.
And I said no, you'd gone out to do some shopping.
And then he ran upstairs.
And when he came down he had his best suit on.
And that's all he said.
Well, he said to tell you he finally straightened out
the whole problem of Eleanor's present.
And then he was in an awful hurry
to get down to the glass cutters
and something about a party.
Sam, what do you think we ought to do?
Phone were over the party is and tell him to come home.
Now, dear, we aren't going to do anything like that.
But didn't you explain to Henry
that we always spend Christmas Eve together,
as all families do?
Dear, if Henry doesn't want to spend this evening with us,
It's something I'm not going to force him to do.
- Mother, don't you think you ought to be punished?
- Mary dear.
- Will you go out to the kitchen and get that big bowl of fruit and nuts out there?
- Yes, Mother.
- Sure, Alice.
You'll be alarmed shortly.
- Sam, I'm afraid Henry doesn't even begin to know what Christmas really means.
The one thing he's thought about all day is himself and that President wanted to get Eleanor.
That's the only thing that's meant anything to him.
He didn't shovel the wall. He didn't get the cellar window fixed.
Oh my goodness, Anne. That reminds me.
You didn't get that fruitcake over to Mrs. Hawkins.
Well, could I, Alice? I had to go out and shovel the wall for Henry.
Oh, I know, dear. But here it is Christmas, even Mrs. Hawkins.
Well, of all the people in this town, we should have sent one hand.
All right, Alice. All right. I'll take it over first thing tomorrow.
Can't we take it over now?
Tonight in this storm?
We could certainly drop it off on the way to church, can't we?
Alice, I realize Mrs. Hawkins misses her boys like everything,
but the church is in one direction and the Hawkins house is in the other.
It's snowing to beat the band.
I'll take it over first thing tomorrow.
Very well.
Incidentally, I wonder how the Hawkins boys are getting along.
Well, I understand she hears from them quite often.
Yes, there was always one thing about them.
They were devoted to their mother.
Yes.
Alice, don't cry.
I didn't mean it that way.
I'm not crying.
Here's the ball of fruit and that's not it.
We have some no dear what would I want with any fruit and not
I'm Christmas Eve.
Father.
I'm not hungry Mary.
What's the matter?
I thought you wanted me to bring them in.
We did dear.
Just put them down there on the table where they'll look Christmas.
Oh I might the candles on the piano just as though.
Dear where you're going.
I'm going to phone Henry and tell him to leave that party and come home.
Sam Aldrich I don't want you to.
But mother if father doesn't, Henry won't even be here to go to church with her.
Now Henry knows we're going. If he isn't here by then, we'll go alone.
When they had heard the King, Lady Potts, and all the star which they saw in the east went before them,
till it came and stood over where the young child was.
When they saw the star, they rejoiced with exceeding great joy.
Let us all rise while we sing, "We three kings of Orient are."
Sam.
Yes, Alice.
Sam, look.
Where?
Just three rows ahead. It's Mrs. Hawkins.
Yeah? And maybe we should have brought the fruitcake with it?
No, dear.
Look who's with her. My goodness mother, look!
And the three Hawkins boys come home?
No, Mary. Can't you see who that is, Wither?
It's Henry and Homer and Toby.
[Music]
♪ We tell her so far ♪
- Dan. - Huh?
- Just look at Henry.
I've never seen him look so nice.
- Alice, I've just remembered who Ed and Bill are.
They're Mrs. Hawkins, two sons in Korea.
♪ One who's a woman ♪
♪ Star with royal beauty pride ♪
♪ Where's when we in still proceed ♪
♪ Ride up to the perfect light ♪
(audience applauding)
One of the brightest futures open today
is ready for the girl who chooses nursing as her profession.
You'll receive a professional education,
you'll work with doctors and professional people,
you'll associate with the finest citizens in the community.
What's especially important, you'll be serving humanity
and be ready to serve your country in time of emergency.
You can join this handpicked group of young women
if you're a high school graduate or a college student
of good health and character.
Talk it over with your school advisor
or go to your nearest hospital today and ask how you can become a nurse.
The Aldrich family is transcribed as written by Clifford Goldsmith.
Henry is played by Bobby Ellis and Homer by Jack Grimes.
Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are House Jamison and Barbara Robbins.
Your announcer's Dick Dudley.
Listen again next week same time, same station for another sparkling half hour with the Aldridge family.
Merry Christmas everybody.
(clapping)
(silence)
(static)